Chairperson, I miss you, miss
Loan amount of 100 billion
Term 99 years
Yes interest is -5% Mr. Davis
Are you mistaken?
That's right, it's really like this.
You're not just going to lend us money.
You have to pay us interest.
Miss Ye can find our group
It is really an honor for our group.
The interest we give you is due.
I think this contract is pretty good
Fly then
Happy cooperation
Mr. Xiao, Miss Ye
Well, it's convenient for us to go and have a meal.
No, nothing else.
The family is still waiting for this contract to rest
Then I, I, I
I'll give you bread.
Thank you, Miss.
Please encounter anything hair in the future.
Contact me at this time.
We at Lehejia welcome you very much.
Okay, that's it.
So how did you guys get here?
We came by taxi. Take a taxi?
Too much trouble, miss
Then ask if there is any other order?
Put away your thoughts later
Do things honestly
Then you're fine.
I'll go first, you guys, go slowly, go
Xiao Junlin
This Davis changed the contract and delivered the car.
Attitudes change too fast
You be honest
What's your relationship with him?